MTM-52176 Added clarification to new asset-selector. (#189)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-14-0/applications-10-14-0-bundle/10-14-0-45.md

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>

> <td> The asset selector dialog, which shows up to select devices or groups when creating or editing non-datapoint related widgets, has been updated. It is now also possible to filter assets on each hierarchy level. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td> The asset selector dialog, which shows up to select devices or groups when creating or editing widgets, has been updated. It is now also possible to filter assets on each hierarchy level. This change does not apply to widgets related to datapoints.</td>

```

<tr>
<td>
Cockpit</td>

> <td> The asset selector dialog, which shows up to select devices or groups when creating or editing widgets, has been updated. It is now also possible to filter assets on each hierarchy level. This change does not apply to widgets related to datapoints.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td> The asset selector dialog, which shows up to select devices or groups when creating or editing widgets, has been updated. It is now also possible to filter assets on each hierarchy level. Note that this change does not apply to widgets related to datapoints.</td>

```
